Everyone says that they saw so many uses of the Nigger word since @ElonMusk took over this website. That is a damn lie...
We have the power to forge a different future, but only if we vote. And it’s not just about the folks at the top of the ticket—we’ve got to show up and vote for all the Democrats who will work to support you.
I’m here in Milwaukee for a grassroots event to support Democratic candidates up and down the ballot in Wisconsin. Tune in and make a plan to vote.
The only way to save democracy is if we, together, fight for it
And that starts with electing people who know you, and see you, and care about you. People who will fight for you.
She's not a mulatto she's a quadroon and this isn't 1820. She's not black and she's just as colonizer as any white person. Deal with it.
I'm calling you a legend because you're interested in playing one of my top 3 favourite games
Conditions so extreme that, like the Bushmen of the Kalahari, they have little to build upon hunter -gatherer mode.
The study saying that Bushmen have 54 IQs and SS Africans have IQs of 67 has been debunked. Its from Richard Lynn and he is a disgraced scientist in his field. I cant believe people are using these study.
I'm getting duke nukem vibes
Great seeing Steve Olsonowski, Sodbuster Kenny Jay, Dixie Jordan and John Nord today.
Yeah deffo but Shaq’s injury has made a naff situation even naffer
Revice Is a very fundamentally flawed season. But, outside of the Ararat arc it is quite honestly a pretty good show, hell at certain points it's great
The Turks can deny the fact that they used chemical weapons in Bashur all they want, but the truth is that they have a history of using these weapons against Kurds. The Zazas of Dersim and the Ararat Kurds know better
It's a still scene, but it feels very dynamic.  In particular, the angle of the raised hand and the sword makes my heart pound.  There is an oriental beauty.  Adding a dreamy atmosphere is just my style.  I look forward to your next work.
Good luck to everyone
I can’t seriously express how much I admire this warrior woman!
All roads on this lead back to the fourth industrial revolution
Woah that's amazing bergie!
Going to the dentist today.


















